Update to Docs in line with Newton (#14)
fourieraudio/docs: docs/rewind/manual/licensing.md

## Overview

Rewind is available in three different editions, which differ only in the number of channels they
can process:

| Edition | Channels | RTA |
|---------|----------|-----|
| Personal | 16 | No |
| Professional | 64 | Yes |
| Production | 128 (wow!) | Yes |

To protect your investment, guard against intellectual property theft, and safeguard our
R&D for the future, we use the *iLok* dongle system to license Rewind. You will need an iLok 2 or
iLok 3 to run *Rewind*.

We chose *iLok* because we know many engineers will have one already, but if you don't, they can be
obtained cheaply from your favourite rainforest-related eCommerce provider, or alternatively
*Fourier Audio* can provide pre-licensed dongles ready for use.

The first time you start *Fourier Rewind*, you'll be prompted to insert your *iLok* and
enter your activation code to obtain your licence. After that, you should never need to think about
it ever again; the licence simply lives on your *iLok*.

All three editions run via the same *Rewind* application; if you find you need more channels, simply
upgrade your licence - mid-gig if necessary! Upgrade pricing [is
available](mailto:hello@fourieraudio.com).

> ## iLok Login Details

Reviewer: From this line on, terms like `iLok` and `Rewind` are no longer italicised. I don't have a preference between italics and non-italics, but it would be better to be consistent

Author: Done :)

You will be required to have an iLok account linked to your physical iLok.

If this is your first time using an iLok, you can create an iLok account on PACE's website [here](https://www.ilok.com/#!registration).

During account creation, you will create a User ID - this is the User ID that allows us to deliver your Rewind licence to your account.

Forgotten your User ID? Visit [PACE Support](https://www.ilok.com/#!support/help/102029545) for further assistance.

## Activating Your Rewind Licence

When you begin a Rewind trial, or purchase a Rewind licence, you will be asked for your User ID. This will enable us to deposit your licence magically into your iLok account, ready for activation onto your physical iLok.

Once deposited to your account, in order to activate your licence:
1. Launch iLok License Manager (installed with Rewind if you don't already have it)

> 2. Login to your iLok account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Log in to your iLok account
```

"Login" is a noun, "log in" is the action.

We need to scrap the entire English language and start over from scratch. I'll file an issue.

> 3. Plug in your physical iLok (that is linked to that iLok account)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Plug in the physical iLok which is linked to your iLok account
```
